# Advent of Code 2024: Hard Mode

## Description

This is my repository for Advent of Code 2024, for which I am doing a "hard mode" challenge I created, where I solve the problems with languages and tools that are somewhat unconventional. This is intended as both a learning exercise exploring the tough bits of new technologies, and a fun project. Feel free to join in if you're looking for a reason to hate December.

## Rules

- The program may receive the input in any form, even from another tool or program, as long as the input it receives does not provide any additional information about the data beyond what is necessary to pass input to the main program (e.g. length of input in some cases).
- If the tool/program is able to read the input file directly, it MUST do so and cannot use another method.
- The program itself must be written by hand and cannot be generated by a tool outside the bounds of the challenge

## Language Plan

### Week 1: I mean I guess that's a programming language...
- Day 1: Coq
- Day 2: TeX
- Day 3: Nix
- Day 4: WGSL Compute Shader
- Day 5: Intel x86 Assembly
- Day 6: SystemVerilog
- Day 7: Break: C

### Week 2: So you think you know GNU, Linux, and the command line?
- Day 8:  POSIX shell
- Day 9:  GNU Octave
- Day 10: AWK
- Day 11: gmake
- Day 12: sed
- Day 13: jq
- Day 14: Break: Rust

### Week 3: I guess that might be Turing complete?
- Day 15: PARI/GP
- Day 16: Vim normal mode (NO SCRIPTING)
- Day 17: Rust macro/type system only
- Day 18: SQL
- Day 19: Godot Visual Scripting
- Day 20: Desmos
- Day 21: Break: Nim

### Week 4: Please just stop.
- Day 22: CPP (C preprocessor)
- Day 23: C++ templates only
- Day 24: Haskell type system (the only part anyone cares about, really)
- Day 25: Break: Write an interpreter in OCaml for a new language, and solve it in that language

